Add an appliance
  Customers want the ability of adding new lights or automated appliances to the website to be able to control remotely. 
    Customers navigate to website and click on “New Component”
    Customers type in name of new device and have the ability to set the location
    Customers click on submit to add the new device
Remove an appliance
  Customers want the ability of removing lights or appliances from the website
    Customers navigate to system component overview page
    Customers click on the gear icon of the desired component
    Customer then clicks on remove device to delete the device
See the status of a device
  Customers want the ability to see the current status of the appliance, whether it is on or off
    Customers navigate to the system overview page
    Customers can view a visual that shows if a light is turned on or off
    The color green will mean on
    The color red will mean off
Change the status of a device
  Customers want the ability to change the status
    Customers navigate to the system overview page
    Customers click on the name of the device
    
As a User, I want to have a back button so that I can return to index if I need to.

As a User, I want to have a button so that I can logout.

As a User, I want to have a dropdown on index to filter addons by room.

As a User, I want the addon list to contain only addons I have permission to see.

As an Admin, I want to have a dropdown on component settings pages to change its permission group.

As a User, I want to have a login page so that I can login.
    As a User, I want a button so that I can create a new account.

As a User, I want to have a registration page so that I can create an account.
    As a User, I want to have a page to create a new house.
    As a User, I want to be able to join an existing house.

As a User, I want an account settings page so that I can change my account information.
    As a User, I want an input box so that I can change my username.
    As a User, I want an input box so that I can change my password.
        As a User, I want another input box so that I can confirm my new password.
    As a User, I want a button so I can save my changes.

As a User, I want a house settings page so that I can change my house information.
    As an Admin, I want an add button so that I can create rooms.     
    As an Admin, I want a delete button so that I can remove rooms.
    As an Admin, I want a pop-up to warn me if addons will be deleted when I remove a room.
    As an Admin, I want a pop-up to warn me if scenes will be affects when I remove a room.
    As an Admin, I want a group dropdown so that I can change a room's permission group.
    As an Admin, I want an input box so that I can change a room's name.
    As an Admin, I want an input box so that I can change the house name.
    As a User of a custom group, I want an input box so that I can change the name of rooms in my group.
    As a User, I want a button so I can save my changes.

As an Admin, I want a group settings page so that I can manage permissions.
    As an Admin, I want a text field so that I can see the house code.
    As an Admin, I want a group list so that I can see the groups associated with the house.
    As an Admin, I want an add button so that I can create new permission groups.
    As an Admin, I want a delete button so that I can remove a permission group.
    As an Admin, I want an input box so that I can change a group's name.
    As an Admin, I want an account list so that I can see other accounts associated with the house.
    As an Admin, I want a group downdown so that I can change another account's permission group.
    As an Admin, I want a delete button so that I can delete other accounts associated with the house.
    As a User, I want a button so I can save my changes.
